Nc account by id (#8167)
noobaa/noobaa-core: docs/NooBaaNonContainerized/Configuration.md

Author: How?
Where is the file?
What is https://github.com/noobaa/noobaa-core/assets/35330373/8d6cce71-e9e8-4e6a-ad88-5c65255bacc7 source?

`accounts/` - 
* <u>Type</u>: Directory.
* <u>Required</u>: Yes.
* <u>Description</u>: A directory that contains configuration files for individual accounts, each account configuration file is named {account_id}.json and adheres to the [account schema](../../src/server/system_services/schemas/nsfs_account_schema.js).
* <u>Example</u>:
    ```sh
    > ls /etc/noobaa.conf.d/accounts/
    abcd.json
    1234.json
    ab12.json
    ```
`root_accounts/
* <u>Type</u>: Directory.
* <u>Required</u>: Yes.
* <u>Description</u>: A directory that contains a directory per root account, named {root_account_name}.

> Inside each such direcoty, there is a symlink per iam account that belong to the root account, named {account_name}.symlink.
> There is also a symlink for the root account, named  {root_account_name}.symlink.
> Symlinks link to an account withing account/.

Reviewer: general note - I noticed a few typos in the docs, try to check with automated tool the newly added text, for example:
```suggestion
Inside each such directory, there is a symlink per iam account that belongs to the root account, named {account_name}.symlink.
There is also a symlink for the root account, named  {root_account_name}.symlink.
Symlinks link to an account within `account/`.
```

The account symlink points to the relative path of the account rather than an absolute path, eg: `../../accounts/abcd.json`.
* <u>Example</u>:
    ```sh

>     > ls /etc/noobaa.conf.d/root_accounts/

Reviewer: better ls -al to see the target (like in the example of: `ls -la /etc/noobaa.conf.d/access_keys/`)

    alice.symlink
    bob.symlink

>     charlie.symlink

Author: Right, thanks.
